---
title: "X - Part II: Through Space & Time"
category: feature
image: x2-concert.png
layout: post
summary: "The Simon Fraser University Concert Orchestra is proud to present X: Part II as the finale of two concerts celebrating a decade of SFUCO! We'll take you on a journey through time and space with an abundance of pieces from out-of-this-world, to commemorate the ten years of wondrous music shared between the orchestra and the SFU community."
---

The Simon Fraser University Concert Orchestra is proud to present X: Part II as the finale of two concerts celebrating a decade of SFUCO! We'll take you on a journey through time and space with an abundance of pieces from out-of-this-world, to commemorate the ten years of wondrous music shared between the orchestra and the SFU community.

Light refreshments will be served during the intermission.
Doors open at 6:45 pm
Music starts at 7:00 pm
Admission is by donation.

Programme:
• Palladio - Jenkins
• Castle in the Sky (天空の城ラピュタ) Suite - Hisaishi (arr. Reyes)
• Libertango - Piazzolla (arr. Kazik)
• Music from How to Train Your Dragon - Powell (arr. O'Loughlin)
• Mischievous from The Seasons - Wendy Yau-Sum Cheung
• Promenade from Pictures at an Exhibition - Mussorgsky (arr. Beardwood)
• Symphony No. 40 in G minor, K.550, mvmt. 1 - Amadeus Mozart
• Scheherazade Op. 35, mvmt. 1 - Rimsky-Korsakov
• Swan Lake Suite No. 1 Scene - Tchaikovsky
• Through Space and Time (A MapleStory/Super Mario Galaxy Suite) - Yokota & ASTERIA/Kim (arr. Reyes)

Plus a bonus performance during intermission featuring our guest, the UHill Chamber Orchestra Club!

Featuring:
Music Director/Conductor - Alana Chan
Conductor - Rei Miyasaka
Guest Magician - Rod Chow
Guest Performers - UHill Chamber Orchestra Club

*Parking is available in the Central Parkade adjacent to the Maggie Benston Centre (One level below the theatre). SFU is transit-friendly with four available bus routes.*

To infinity and beyond!

This concert is proudly supported by the CIAMS.
