---
title: alana chan
firstName: alana
position: music director
image: alana.jpg
status: active
order: 8
---
Alana Chan is an active music educator, adjudicator and performer across Canada, America, Europe, Hong Kong and Macau. During her earlier musical career, she has won numerous first place awards in music competitions including the First Place National award in the Canadian Music Competition at the age of 14 and the Kay Meek Scholarship Competition in the Vancouver Academy of Music where she studied with Professor Saida Matyukov and Professor Lee Kum Sing. She was placed top ten in the International Pacific Piano Competition in 2000. In the following year, she gave her debut piano concerto performance with Maestro Victor Feldbrill and The Vancouver Academy of Music Orchestra at the Orpheum Theatre in Canada. Since 2012, she has been performing frequently with her piano quartet group “Duetissimo” in Hong Kong.

In Jan.2013, her article “Playing Together as One” was published in the 9th issue of the magazine “The Pianist”. While studying with renowned pianist Choi Sown Le in Hong Kong, she appeared as guest pianist with the Hong Kong Symphonia in the Hong Kong City Hall. Alana is an active participant in many international conducting masterclasses and workshops. Her past and present conducting mentors include Maestro Dirk Brossé (Music Director of the Chamber Orchestra of Philadelphia), Dr. John Farrer (President of the Conductors Guild, Music Director of Santa Maria Philharmonic), Maestro Salvatore Di Vittorio (Music Director of the Chamber Orchestra of New York.), Maestro Arthur Arnold (Chief Conductor of the Moscow Symphony Orchestra), Maestro Jimmy Chiang (Kapellmeister of the Vienna Boys’ Choir), and Maestro Ken Hsieh (Director of the Vancouver Metropolitan Orchestra). Upon invitation, she conducted the Hong Kong Children’s Symphony Orchestra in Vienna, Austria in 2015.

In 2017, she conducted the Chamber Orchestra of New York in the New York Conducting Workshop where she also competed in the International Respighi Conducting Competition and became the first female and first Canadian to be a finalist and was awarded Honorable Mention in Carnegie Hall. During the same year, Alana made her Taiwanfest debut with the Vancouver Metropolitan Orchestra as guest conductor. Alana was the conductor and instrumental coach for the Hong Kong Elite Chamber Orchestra where she made her conducting debut in Hong Kong in 2013.

Alana is currently the Music Director and Principal Conductor of the Simon Fraser University Concert Orchestra in Burnaby, Canada.

Alana has over 20 years of music teaching experience and has led music workshops, secondary school
bands and choirs for children and students with special needs. She has founded and taught the school choir at the Jockey Club Sarah Roe School of the English Schools Foundation- the only international school for Special Needs in Hong Kong. Alana was a research assistant in the Department of Music at the Hong Kong Baptist University and music instructor at the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts. In 2012, she was invited by the Music Office of the Leisure and Cultural Services Department (Government of Hong Kong) to give a series of “Summer Music Workshops – First Music Lessons” for two consecutive summers.

She adjudicated in festivals and competitions including the Pre-Hong Kong Schools Music Festival Workshop, the Vancouver International Music Competition (preliminary round), the 25 th  &amp; 26 th Annual Edith Lando Gifted Youth Music Competition and the Phyllis Salter Annual Piano Competition. She is a member of the Canadian Federation of Music Teachers’ Associations (CFMTA), British Columbia Registered Music Teachers Association (BCRMTA) and the Hong Kong Piano Teachers Association (HKPTA). Alana is also a certified music teacher of the Royal Conservatory of Music and holds the Advanced Specialist in Piano, Music Theory &amp; History designations.

She is currently a faculty member at the Vancouver Academy of Music. Alana achieved Master of Arts in Music with Distinction and was awarded the Scholastic Award for being the top of her graduating class from the Hong Kong Baptist University. Besides music, she has also made contributions in the field of Chemistry and was awarded the Vice President Research Award from the Simon Fraser University where she obtained her Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry and Psychology.
